CELLAR -- DRAFT AGENDA for Virtual Interim Meeting
May 28, 2019        20:00 UTC

INFO:
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-04/session/cellar
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-04-sessa/

WEB CONFERENCE:
   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN
   You can try this at any time.
   These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes
   
Present:
	1) michael richardson
	2) Steve Lhomme
	3) Martin Below
	4) Jerome Martinez
	5) Dave Rice
	6)  Michael Niedermayer

Proposed Agenda:

1. Note Well.
2. Accept draft minutes from April 2 meeting

3. Logistics for Meeting.
   2a) Etherpad for notes
       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true

   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
       (as agreed last meeting)

   2c) Roll call

4. WG status update
   - EBML seems to be getting some additional edits, is it done?
     These were the issues that are waiting for clarification:
        https://github.com/Matroska-Org/ebml-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aclarifications
     We still have a few open.  Can we close them now?
     Dave Rice expected to push version 10.... 
     VERSION 10 released 2019-05-28 (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-cellar-ebml/10/).  Merged many issues.
     This addresses AD issues from Ben Campbell and Robert Sparks.... remaining 2
      11.1.11.  XML Schema for EBML Schema (Dave volunteers to complete this)
	    The following "XSD" definition is in <FORMAT> (add W3C citation), and can be used to validate an EBML Schema using <TOOL>
	
	The use of unknown-size requires to know the EBML Schema. Add an example of unknown-size element.
	
	Michael will contact Martin in the coming days/weeks to work on his large chapter pull request.
	
5. Matroska document changes since last meeting.
   https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues
   Can we close some of these, and/or get them sorted and prioritized?
   
   a) Dave Rice to post request for volunteers, offers to mentor.
   b) MCR to mentor Martin on github-fu
   c) all to review pull requests on Matroska, look for conflicts and *discussion* (new tag) that we can go through next time.
   d) MCR to ping Moritz about next time.

6. Started 4-week adopting call for Free Lossless Audio Codec
      draft-weaver-cellar-flac-00
   will end at next virtual-interim meeting.
   
	   please post your opinion about the document? Does it fit into what the charter asked for?

Q: ffv1. last meeting new AD?  
A: we are waiting for feedback.
ACTION: mcr to bug AD about ffv1.

meeting ended 16:55.

====== minutes from April
CELLAR -- DRAFT AGENDA for Virtual Interim Meeting
April 2, 2019        20:00 UTC

DRAFT MINUTES FROM 2019-02-26 below

INFO:
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-03/session/cellar
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-03-sessa/

WEB CONFERENCE:
   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN
   You can try this at any time.
   These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes


Attendees:
* Michael Richardson
* Steve Lhomme
* Jérôme Martinez
* Michael Niedermayer
* sign-in here

Names for above:
* Dave Rice (regrets)



Proposed Agenda:

1. Note Well.
        https://www.ietf.org/about/note-well/

2. Accept draft minutes from February meeting
      see them here, and in email: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-03-sessa/
      agreed without objections.

3. Logistics for Meeting.
   2a) Etherpad for notes
       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true

   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
       (as agreed last meeting)

   2c) Roll call

4. WG status update
   - EBML is waiting on AD to proceed
           version 10 is pending, and waiting for some review of this.
        These are the issues that are waiting for clarification.
        https://github.com/Matroska-Org/ebml-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aclarifications
           Dave Rice to push version 10.

           version 10 to be produced with with closed issues, including formatting changes, and a version 11 with not yet discussed.
           summary on what was fixed:
          with links to PRs and explanations for each
        goal to have this out this first week of April.

   - FFv1 is past WGLC and awaits AD attention
   - new AD is Alexey.Melnikov at isode.com

5. use of cellar-wg organization
        ebml and matroska repo will be moved to cellar-wg organization.

6. issues raised and/or closed since Feb 26

-- are we ready for WG adoption on FLAC document?



