CELLAR -- DRAFT MINUTES for Virtual Interim Meeting
Feburary 26, 2019        20:00 UTC

   Probably best to turn off camera.
   Set your name in the upper right.


Attendees:
* Michael Richardson
* Steve Lhomme
* Jérôme Martinez
* Dave Rice
* Michael Niedermayer
* sign-in here


INFO:
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-02/session/cellar
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-02-sessa/

WEB CONFERENCE:
   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN
   You can try this at any time.
   These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes

Proposed Agenda:

1. Note Well.

2a. Accept draft minutes from December meeting  -- accepted unanimously
2b. Accept draft minutes from January meeting   -- accepted unanumously

3. Logistics for Meeting.
   2a) Etherpad for notes
       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true

   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
       (as agreed last meeting)

   2c) Roll call

4. WG status update
   - EBML is waiting on AD to proceed
	   AD will change from Ben Campbell to one of: Barry Leiba, Adam Roach, or Alexey Melnikov
      -10 will come out this week, with changes asked for Robert Sparks
      -change "general format"... need a better introduction which narrows the scope.
      
   - ffv1: 2 week WGLC. No objections.
      - Peter is the Shepherd, and posted first version today.  
      -- sent his own pull request, Jerome will take care of this, post new version.

5. EBML IANA concerns raised with Matroska.

  - the top-elements of EBML should be reserved in all "children" document, Steve Lhomme created a pull request to EBML.
  -- Dave approved this and it will be in -10.
  - mention in the Matroska spec that we must not use reserved EBML ID from the EBML spec

6. Steve LHomme on Matroska document changes since last meeting.

  - not a lot of work on it in the past month... Andreas has been working on it too in the last month.
  - 

7. WG plans for advancing documents.

 - address EBML issues, get it into IESG publication queue.
 - send ffv1 to AD/IESG before IETF104.  (legacy protocol)

Q: someone sent a security review https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/cellar/Dnr_x0oOTToyd8mRwlx0l1ul1Lc
	https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/cellar/archives/

      https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/cellar/about/
      
      
Next meeting April 2, and then April 30.

