   CELLAR -- DRAFT AGENDA for Virtual Interim Meeting
January 29, 2019        20:00 UTC


DRAFT MINUTES FROM 2018-12-18 meeting will be posted as soon as I find them
and/or etherpad is fixed.

INFO:
     https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-01/session/cellar
     https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-01-sessa/

WEB CONFERENCE:
   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN
   You can try this at any time.
   Probably best to turn off camera.
   Set your name in the upper right.


Attendees:
* Michael Richardson
* Jérôme Martinez
* Dave Rice
* Andrew Weaver
* Michael Niedermayer
* Reto Kromer
* Steve Lhomme
* 

Proposed Agenda:

1. Note Well.
2. Accept draft minutes from December meeting
	https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/minutes-interim-2018-cellar-08-201812181500/
	
	
3. Logistics for Meeting.
   2a) Etherpad for notes
       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true

   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
       (as agreed last meeting)

   2c) Roll call

4. WG status update
   - EBML is now in IESG publication queue.
   - work on Matroska and FFV1 issues!!
   - confirm list of dates for meetings:
       2019-01-29
       2019-02-26
       2019-04-02       *NEW DATE*
       No objections. (Steve & Jerome)

5. Dave Rice on updates to EBML to address AD comments.
	- EBML draft is now updated to version 09 as of the 24th
	- There's already many updates in github since 09, since version 10 will be very soon
	- I'd say that about 90% of the AD review is resolved, with a few more either to do 
	or in the pull request section to be finalized
	- Yep typing away


6. Steve LHomme on Matroska document changes since last meeting.

 - split webm and divX out of this document
 - not extensions in the ebml sense.
 - we use fields in matroska which are not valid EBML, so we need to define them in the Matroska document.
 - need a way to process the extra profiles
 - 

7. WG plans for advancing documents.

  - ffv1 version 0,1,3 ---> WGLC?
  - Michael finished the missing pieces, so now we are ready for more review.
  - All remaining issues are for version 4.
  - No relationship to Matroska document.
  - Peter B may have offered in the past.  Peter Bubestinger <p.bubestinger@av-rd.com>

* FLAC needs some work to turn it into an IETF-style specification.
* Matroska is the new focus.



