	CELLAR -- DRAFT AGENDA for Virtual Interim Meeting
	June 25, 2019        20:00 UTC
	
	INFO:
	   https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-05/session/cellar
	   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-05-sessa/
	
	WEB CONFERENCE:
	   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN (You can try this at any time.)
	   These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes
	
	
	Present:
		1) Michael Richardson
		2) Moritz Bunkus
		3) Martin Below
		4) Steve Lhomme
		5) Dave Rice
		6) Jérôme Martinez
		
Regrets:
    1) Reto Kromer

	
	1. Note Well.
	2. Accept draft minutes from May 28 meeting
		accepted without change.
	
	3. Logistics for Meeting.
	   2a) Etherpad for notes
	       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true
	
	   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
	       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	
	   2c) Roll call
	
4. WG status update
	   * MCR still need to help Martin on large pull request.
	   * EBML changes... done.
		+ issue #257, requested one more day to think about it. The changes are fine in general, but want to make sure it precise enough. (MB)
	   * ffv1 has been submitted to IESG by AD.
	
5. Work on Matroska issues.
	      48 open issues
	      21 open pull requests
		https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues
		
		Next time, Steve will walk us through XSLT code to validate the specification.
TAG:
     "format extension"   suggestion that does not have to go into the main spec, because it could be added as separate spec   https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22format+extension%22
	"format addition"     something that has to go into main specification.   https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22format+addition%22
	
* As the WebM will not be defined, remove all of the WebM specific stuff.
	* MCR suggests removing it from the Matroska document, and leave the history for others.
	* MB: DivX is also not part of Matroska.  Also concerned about how the Matroska project presents the WebM/DiVX vs core Matroska elements.   The spec will be huge, so take things out.

* define how to add unpredictable data to the Matroska, so we could track things that are added.  Not just WebM, but also a libmotrsaka as well.
* extension data would be on their own lines, and revision history would be clearly.

		
	6. Any other business.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	====
	CELLAR -- DRAFT MINUTES for Virtual Interim Meeting
	May 28, 2019        20:00 UTC
	
	INFO:
	   https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-04/session/cellar
	   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-04-sessa/
	
	WEB CONFERENCE:
	   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN
	   You can try this at any time.
	   These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes
	
	Present:
	        1) michael richardson
	        2) Steve Lhomme
	        3) Martin Below
	        4) Jerome Martinez
	        5) Dave Rice
	        6)  Michael Niedermayer
	
	Proposed Agenda:
	
	1. Note Well.
	2. Accept draft minutes from April 2 meeting
	
	3. Logistics for Meeting.
	   2a) Etherpad for notes
	       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true
	
	   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
	       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	       (as agreed last meeting)
	
	   2c) Roll call
	
	4. WG status update
	   - EBML seems to be getting some additional edits, is it done?
	     These were the issues that are waiting for clarification:
	        https://github.com/Matroska-Org/ebml-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aclarifications
	     We still have a few open.  Can we close them now?
	     Dave Rice expected to push version 10....
	     VERSION 10 released 2019-05-28 (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-cellar-ebml/10/).  Merged many issues.
	     This addresses AD issues from Ben Campbell and Robert Sparks.... remaining 2
	      11.1.11.  XML Schema for EBML Schema (Dave volunteers to complete this)
	            The following "XSD" definition is in <FORMAT> (add W3C citation), and can be used to validate an EBML Schema using <TOOL>
	
	        The use of unknown-size requires to know the EBML Schema. Add an example of unknown-size element.
	
	Michael will contact Martin in the coming days/weeks to work on his large chapter pull request.
	
	5. Matroska document changes since last meeting.
	   https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues
	   Can we close some of these, and/or get them sorted and prioritized?
	
	   a) Dave Rice to post request for volunteers, offers to mentor.
	   b) MCR to mentor Martin on github-fu
	   c) all to review pull requests on Matroska, look for conflicts and *discussion* (new tag) that we can go through next time.
	   d) MCR to ping Moritz about next time.
	
	6. Started 4-week adopting call for Free Lossless Audio Codec
	      draft-weaver-cellar-flac-00
	   will end at next virtual-interim meeting.
	
	           please post your opinion about the document? Does it fit into what the charter asked for?
	
	Q: ffv1. last meeting new AD?
	A: we are waiting for feedback.
	ACTION: mcr to bug AD about ffv1.
	
	meeting ended 16:55.
	
	
	
	
