CELLAR -- Agenda for Virtual Interim Meeting
August 28, 2018        20:00 UTC

INFO:
        https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2018-cellar-04/session/cellar

WEBEX:
        Meeting number: 313 505 170
        Meeting password: dq64cWsm
        Meeting link:
        https://ietf.webex.com/ietf/j.php?MTID=me21026faa14be85507cdef66b860014e
        Host key: 763872
        Audio connection:
        1-650-479-3208 Call-in toll number (US/Canada)

Attendees:
	* Michael Richardson
	* Jérôme Martinez
	* Martin Below
	* Dave Rice (as call-in user)
	* Tim Terriberry
	* Steve Lhomme
	* <PLEASE SIGN YOUR NAME HERE>

Missing: 

Regrets:
	* Moritz Bunkus
	* Reto Kromer
	* Michael Niedermayer
	
	

Agenda:

1. Note Well.    https://www.ietf.org/about/note-well/
Proposed Agenda:

1. Note Well.

2. Accept draft minutes from September meeting
	https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2018-cellar-05/materials/minutes-interim-2018-cellar-05-201809252000
		taken as written.

3. Logistics for Meeting.
   2a) Etherpad for notes
       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual04?useMonospaceFont=true

   2b) Roll call
   c) March meeting in March 26. 20:00 UTC.  Preference to meetecho... webrtc based.
      21:00 UTC.

4. WG status update
   - EBML is now in IESG publication queue. Thx to Steven Villereal for the shepherd writeup.
   Shepherd writeup: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-cellar-ebml/shepherdwriteup/
   - work on Matroska and FFV1 issues!!
   Preview of xml2rfc v3 for FFV1 is at https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://gist.githubusercontent.com/dericed/5ce9c949eeec9042a4ac5e2b222f1cc0/raw/b315b8d3f5c4b06ecf656fc1fb7e9ad9bd6fd88c/draft-ietf-cellar-ffv1-06.html.
   - confirm list of dates for meetings:
       2019-01-29
       2019-02-26
       2019-03-26


5. https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFV1/issues  (without a version):
   - new v0,1,3 was posted in September, are there still issues with v1?
   - Jerome still has to work to do on 0,1,3 version. 
   - https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFV1/pull/100  new feature for v3.  Could be an extension done later on?
   - https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFV1/pull/111  CRITICAL PATH. Jerome. 
  - hoping to get into WGLC by mid-January.

6. https://github.com/Matroska-Org/matroska-specification/issues
   - what new issues?
   - 29 issues open.
   - draft-ietf-cellar-tags-00 
   - draft-ietf-cellar-codec-00 
   - draft-ietf-cellar-matroska-01   (165 pages. Maybe it could be broken up further)

   
7. Any other Business.
  https://appear.in/cellar-interim   We have Tim, Steve, MCR, Jerome, Martin,... Dave missing.
  
  


