	CELLAR -- DRAFT AGENDA for Virtual Interim Meeting
	July 30, 2019        20:00 UTC
	
	Present:
		1) Michael Richardson
		2) Timothy B. Terriberry
		3) Steve Lhomme
		4) Martin Below
		5) Dave Rice
		6) Michael Niedermeier
		
Regrets:
	    Jerome Martinez
	
	INFO:
	   https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-06/session/cellar
	   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-06-sessa/
	
	WEB CONFERENCE:
	   https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	   THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN (You can try this at any time.)
	   These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes
	
	1. Note Well.
		https://www.ietf.org/about/note-well/
		
	2. Accept draft minutes from June 25 meeting (attached below)
		No objections/changes, minutes passed.
	
	3. Logistics for Meeting.
	   2a) Etherpad for notes
	       https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true
	
	   2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
	       https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	
	   2c) Roll call
	
	4. WG status update
	   * EBML -- still waiting on revised -11 document for AD evaluation.
	ACTION from last time:
	               ==> issue #257, requested one more day to think about it. 
						The changes
	            are fine in general, but want to make sure it precise enough. (MB) 
	
	We created issue #279 to introduce some new text to better explain what a Global Element is, and why it does not end an unlimited size Element.
	
	   * Thank for reposting of draft-ietf-cellar-tags-02,
	         draft-ietf-cellar-matroska-03  and draft-ietf-cellar-codec-02
	
	   * The personal draft-weaver-cellar-flac-00 did not get reposted.
	     I believe that we adopted it, so it should have been reposted with a
	     draft-ietf-cellar-flac-00!
	
	reposted today, thank you.
	
	5. Any remining EBML issues.
	
	none known.
	
	6. ffv1-07 could be reposted in v3 format.
	ACTION: mcr to ask DataTracker and RSE if they are ready for this.
	
	7. Work on Matroska issues.
	
	Closed issue #325 (merged).
	Discussed issue #334 and related issue #308.
	
	8. Any other business.
	
	Matroska Pull request #318 will be on the agenda for next time.
	
	Meeting will be moved to an hour earlier, until the time changes.
	Currently it is 23:00 Berlin, so we will anchor the meeting to 22:00 Berlin time.
	
	====
	        CELLAR -- DRAFT AGENDA for Virtual Interim Meeting
	        June 25, 2019        20:00 UTC
	        
	        INFO:
	           https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/interim-2019-cellar-05/session/cellar
	           https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/agenda-interim-2019-cellar-05-sessa/
	        
	        WEB CONFERENCE:
	           https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	           THERE IS NO TELEPHONE DIALIN (You can try this at any time.)
	           These notes at: https://github.com/cellar-wg/chair-notes
	        
	        
	        Present:
	                1) Michael Richardson
	                2) Moritz Bunkus
	                3) Martin Below
	                4) Steve Lhomme
	                5) Dave Rice
	                6) Jérôme Martinez
	                
	Regrets:
	    1) Reto Kromer
	
	        
	        1. Note Well.
	        2. Accept draft minutes from May 28 meeting
	                accepted without change.
	        
	        3. Logistics for Meeting.
	           2a) Etherpad for notes
	               https://etherpad.tools.ietf.org/p/notes-cellar-virtual?useMonospaceFont=true
	        
	           2b) APPEAR.IN for video and screen sharing.
	               https://appear.in/cellar-interim
	        
	           2c) Roll call
	        
	4. WG status update
	           * MCR still need to help Martin on large pull request.
	           * EBML changes... done.
	                + issue #257, requested one more day to think about it. The changes are fine in general, but want to make sure it precise enough. (MB)
	           * ffv1 has been submitted to IESG by AD.
	        
	5. Work on Matroska issues.
	              48 open issues
	              21 open pull requests
	                https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues
	                
	                Next time, Steve will walk us through XSLT code to validate the specification.
	TAG:
	     "format extension"   suggestion that does not have to go into the main spec, because it could be added as separate spec   https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22format+extension%22
	        "format addition"     something that has to go into main specification.   https://github.com/cellar-wg/matroska-specification/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22format+addition%22
	        
	* As the WebM will not be defined, remove all of the WebM specific stuff.
	        * MCR suggests removing it from the Matroska document, and leave the history for others.
	        * MB: DivX is also not part of Matroska.  Also concerned about how the Matroska project presents the WebM/DiVX vs core Matroska elements.   The spec will be huge, so take things out.
	
	* define how to add unpredictable data to the Matroska, so we could track things that are added.  Not just WebM, but also a libmotrsaka as well.
	* extension data would be on their own lines, and revision history would be clearly.
	
	                
	        6. Any other business.
	        

